<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## init

Create a connection to the cocoDbServiceEndPoint and listens for messages. The connection will
be maintained and it will try to automatically re-establish broken connections if there are network issues.
You need to await on this function before staring to use any db APIs. Any APIs called while the connection is
not fully setup will throw an error.

### Parameters

*   `cocoDbServiceEndPoint` **[string][1]** The URL of the coco-db service.
*   `authKey` **[string][1]** The authKey is a base64 encoded string of the username and password.

Returns **[Promise][2]\<null>** Resolves when the cocodb client is ready to send/receive requests for the first time.
Rejects only if the user calls `close` API before any connection is established.

## close

Closes the connection to the server. You need to await on this function before you can call init again.

Returns **[Promise][2]\<null>** Resolves when the cocodb client is closed and you are free to call init again. Never rejects.

## getId

It returns a string representation of the next integer in a sequence

Returns **[string][1]** A function that increments the id variable and returns the new value as a hexadecimal string.

## sendMessage

It takes a message object, sends it to the server, and returns a promise that resolves when the server responds

### Parameters

*   `message` **[Object][3]** The message to be sent to the server.

Returns **[Promise][2]** A function that returns a promise.

## \_\_receiveMessage

Exported for testing

Process data from the server and resolves client promises

### Parameters

*   `rawData`  The raw data received from the server.

Returns **any** A function that takes in a rawData string and returns a boolean.

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object
